DOCS-2193 Rewrite of logs pipelines page, edits to archives (#10978)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/pipelines.md

* `service`
* `syslog.appname`

Specify alternate attributes to use as the source of a log's service by setting a [log service remapper processor][1].

[1]: /logs/log_configuration/processors/#service-remapper
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Trace ID" %}}

#### Trace ID attribute

By default, [Datadog tracers can automatically inject trace and span IDs into your logs][1]. However, if a JSON formatted log includes the following attributes, Datadog interprets its value as the log's `trace_id`:

* `dd.trace_id`
* `contextMap.dd.trace_id`

Specify alternate attributes to use as the source of a log's trace ID by setting a [trace ID remapper processor][2].

[1]: /tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/
[2]: /logs/log_configuration/#trace-remapper
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Create a pipeline

1. Navigate to [Pipelines][6] in the Datadog app.
2. Select **New Pipeline**.
3. Select a log from the live tail preview to apply a filter, or apply your own filter. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query by selecting the **</>** icon. Filters let you limit what kinds of logs a pipeline applies to.

>     **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline's processors, hence you cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline's processors. For this reason, you cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.
```
